Scrapy, a python library used for web scraping, would be very interesting to use. 
This library is also used for a number of other tasks, such as data mining and automated testing.
This allows for spiders to be easy to write for web scraping purposes, as well as offering other tools such as a web-
crawling shell that lets developers test a website's behavior. I have been somewhat interested in web scraping for a while, so
this would be a neat tool to use.

Tkinter, a library used for GUI development, provides an easy way to develop GUI's for applications. This library offers
various different types of widgets to help with building your gui. Such widgets include buttons, labels, and text boxes.
This is also paired with organization tools to make sure everything is in the right spot. This library has an interface to allow
for ease of development as well. For many applications using a GUI, this would be very helpful.

Kivy sounds like it would be a really fun development tool for mobile applications. This provides various tools to help users build
a mobile application, including a graphics library, an intermediate language, extensive input support, and a wide range of widgets.
This is cross platform and allows support for the Raspberry Pi. I would love to try my hand at developing a mobile tool with this.

Theano is a tool to be used in machine learning. Many developers use this library when creating deep learning models.
This tool offers compatibility with NumPy, another very popular python library. This can perform its data computations as much as
140 times faster because it is used with a GPU instead of a CPU. With this being a very optimized tool, I would love to try to
build a machine learning or ai tool with this.

TensorFlow is a library developed by researchers at Google, aimed to assist with machine and deep learning. This library can
also help with statistical and predictive analytics. This tool makes building neural networks more straightforward for developers.
I had a side project for java, which I havent worked on in a few weeks. This project was to be a basic neural network. If this was in python
this library would definitely be something I'd check out. Maybe I'll have a second iteration and try this out. 